>> Ifill: PRESIDENT OBAMA
CONFIRMED TODAY HE WANTS NEW
LIMITS ON N.S.A. SPYING, HE'LL
PUSH CONGRESS TO STOP THE
INTELLIGENCE AGENCY'S BULK
COLLECTION OF PHONE RECORDS.
GOOD EVENING I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Wooduff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF.
ALSO TONIGHT, RELIGIOUS FREEDOM,
WOMEN'S ACCESS TO BIRTH CONTROL
AND THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT,
COLLIDE AT THE SUPREME COURT.
>> Ifill: AND AS UKRAINE
CONTINUES WITHDRAWING IT'S
TROOPS FROM CRIMEA.
MARGARET WARNER SITS DOWN IN
KIEV WITH THE EMBATTLED
COUNTRY'S INTERIM PRIME
MINISTER.
>> WHAT IS HAPPENING AS RUSSIA
CROSSES THE BORDER OF THE MAIN
LAND.
THIS IS THE DUTY OF EVERY
UKRAINIAN CITIZEN TO PROTECT OUR
COUNTRY.
WE WILL FIGHT.
>> Ifill: THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF
THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.
>> Wooduff: THE PRESIDENT TODAY
FIRMED UP HIS PLAN FOR REINING
IN THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY.
HE WANTS CONGRESS TO STOP THE
AGENCY FROM GATHERING PHONE
RECORDS AND HOLDING THEM FOR
FIVE YEARS.
INSTEAD, THE N.S.A. COULD ACCESS
PHONE COMPANY RECORDS IF NEEDED,
WITH A COURT ORDER.
MR. OBAMA EXPLAINED IN THE
NETHERLANDS, WHERE HE WAS
ATTENDING A NUCLEAR SECURITY
SUMMIT.
>> I'M CONFIDENT THAT IT ALLOWS
US TO DO WHAT IS NECESSARY IN
ORDER TO DEAL WITH THE DANGERS
OF A TERRORIST ATTACK, BUT DOES
SO IN A WAY THAT ADDRESSES SOME
OF THE CONCERNS THAT PEOPLE HAD
RAISED.
AND I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO
WORKING WITH CONGRESS TO MAKE
SURE WE GO AHEAD AND PASS THE
ENABLING LEGISLATION QUICKLY, SO
THAT WE CAN GET ON WITH THE
BUSINESS OF EFFECTIVE LAW
ENFORCEMENT.
>> Wooduff: PHONE COMPANIES HOLD
THE SO-CALLED META-DATA ON
CALLS, FOR 18 MONTHS.
WE'LL EXPLORE THE PRESIDENT'S
PROPOSAL RIGHT AFTER THE NEWS
SUMMARY.
RAIN AND FLASH FLOOD WARNINGS
HAVE SLOWED THE SEARCH EFFORT IN
THE WASHINGTON STATE MUDSLIDE.
THE TOLL IN SATURDAY'S DISASTER
NOW STANDS AT 14, BUT OFFICIALS
WARNED TODAY IT'S LIKELY TO KEEP
RISING.
THEY ALSO SAID MANY OF THE 176
PEOPLE LISTED AS MISSING MAY
ACTUALLY BE ALIVE AND WELL.
ROUGH WEATHER AT SEA FORCED A
DAY-LONG DELAY IN THE SEARCH FOR
THAT MISSING MALAYSIAN AIRLINER.
THAT CAME AS AUTHORITIES
NARROWED THE SEARCH AREA IN THE
INDIAN OCEAN, TO A REGION THE
SIZE OF ALASKA.
THEY'VE DECLARED THAT THE PLANE
CRASHED THERE, KILLING ALL 239
ON BOARD.
BUT RELATIVES OF THE CHINESE
VICTIMS ANGRILY REJECTED THAT
FINDING TODAY.
LUCY WATSON OF INDEPENDENT
TELEVISION NEWS REPORTS FROM
BEIJING.
>> Reporter: IT WAS A
PROVOCATIVE START.
AS GRIEVING FAMILIES TIRED OF
WAITING TURNED THEIR ANGUISH
INTO ACTION.
[SCREAMING]
AND THEIR BANNERS TOLD A STORY,
MUM, IT'S SPRINGTIME NOW, COME
BACK IT READS.
ANOTHER S, I BOUGHT YOU A
DIAMOND RING.
I WANTED TO PUT IT ON YOUR
FINGER.
SO THEY P MARCHED TO THE
MALAYSIAN EMBASSY IN BEIJING,
ANGRY FOR BEING TOLD THEIR
RELATIVES HAD DIED WITHOUT THE
WRECKAGE BEING FOUND.
WHY DON'T YOU BELIEVE THEM?
>> THERE MIGHT BE SOMETHING
FOUND AND IT WAS NOTHING FOUND.
THEY ARE STILL SEARCHING.
>> Reporter: THIS IS SUCH A
RARITY IN BEIJING A PUBLIC
PROTEST BRINGING THE STREETS A
STANDSTILL BUT SUCH IS THE
DISCONTENT AMONGST THE FAMILY
MEMBERS, THEY ARE ALLOWED TO DO
IT.
CORRALLED BY SECURITY THEY
DELIVERED A LETTER DEMANDING
ANSWERS, ANSWERS MALAYSIA IS YET
TO PROVIDE.
>> WE NEED TO HONOR THE
COMMITMENT AND RESPECT FOR THE
RELATIVES.
>> Reporter: A STATEMENT THAT
IS ACCEPTED BY SOME.
THE FAMILY OF RODNEY AND MARY
BURROS FROM QUEENSLAND.
>> THEIRIFE L HAS BEEN CUT
SHORT.
THEY HE WORKED HARD TO REAP THE
REWARDS OF THEIR RETIREMENT SO
THEY COULD TRAVEL AND SPEND TIME
WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILY.
>> Reporter: BUT EMOTIONS IN
CHINA WILL STILL RUN HIGH WITH
THE SEARCH DELAYED BY BAD
WEATHER.
THE OPERATION MAY HAVE STALLED
BUT THEIR FIGHT CARRIES ON.
>> Wooduff: THE U.S. SUPREME
COURT TODAY HEARD A MAJOR CASE
PITTING CLAIMS OF RELIGIOUS
FREEDOM AGAINST THE NEW HEALTH
CARE LAW.
TWO PRIVATE COMPANIES, "HOBBY
LOBBY," AND "CONESTOGA WOOD
SPECIALITIES," OBJECTED TO BEING
REQUIRED TO COVER ANY BIRTH
CONTROL THAT WORKS AFTER
CONCEPTION.
THE FAMILY-OWNED FIRMS ARGUE
THAT'S TANTAMOUNT TO ABORTION,
AND VIOLATES THEIR RELIGIOUS
BELIEFS.
THE ARGUMENTS CONTINUED LATER,
OUTSIDE THE COURT.
>> THIS ABORTION PILL MANDATE IS
AN UNPRECEDENTED INTRUSION IN A
PRIVATE FAMILY BUSINESS WHERE
THE GOVERNMENT DICTATES AT THE
COST OF SEVERE AND CRIPPLING
FINES AND PENALTIES THAT PEOPLE
SHOULD VIOLATE THEIR SINCERELY
HELD RELIGIOUS BELIEFS WHEN THEY
DECIDE TO MAKE A LIVING.
>> WHAT IS AT STAKE IN THIS CASE
IS WHETHER MILLIONS OF WOMEN AND
THEIR RIGHT TO PREVENTIVE CARE,
INCLUDING BIRTH CONTROL, IS
WHO HAVE THEIR OWN PERSONAL
OPINIONS ABOUT BIRTH CONTROL.
WOMEN HAVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE
THEIR OWN DECISIONS ABOUT THEIR
HEALTHCARE AND THEIR BIRTH
CONTROL AND ITS NOT THEIR BOSS'S
DECISION.
>> Wooduff: WE'LL HAVE A FULL
REPORT, AND TALK WITH MARCIA
COYLE, WHO COVERS THE COURT,
LATER IN THE PROGRAM.
THE UKRAINIAN MILITARY HAS BEGUN
MAKING ITS MOVE  IN CRIMEA,
EXITING A REGION NOW FIRMLY IN
RUSSIAN HANDS.
THEIR DEPARTURE COMES AMID
RISING FEARS OF WHAT MOSCOW'S
NEXT MOVE MIGHT BE.
>> Wooduff: WITH BAGS PACKED,
ABOUT 65,000 UKRAINIAN SOLDIERS
AND MARINES CHOSE TO LEAVE
CRIMEA BEHIND TODAY.
>> WE WILL CONTINUE TO BE LOYAL
TO UKRAINE.
WE SERVE NEITHER POLITICIANS NOR
THE AUTHORITIES.
WE SERVE THE PEOPLE WHO ARE
AROUND US AND WHO VALUE US.
WE DON'T WANT ANYTHING ELSE.
>> Wooduff: ABOUT 12,000 OTHERS
DECIDED TO STAY AND TAKE THEIR
CHANCES IN RUSSIA'S NEWLY
ANNEXED PENINSULA.
AT A SUMMIT IN THE NETHERLANDS,
PRESIDENT OBAMA ACKNOWLEDGED
RUSSIA NOW CONTROLS CRIMEA, BUT
HE ARGUED IT'S REALLY A SIGN OF
VULNERABILITY.
>> RUSSIA IS A REGIONAL POWER
THAT IS THREATENING SOME OF ITS
IMMEDIATE NEIGHBORS, NOT OUT OF
STRENGTH, BUT WEAKNESS.
AND, YOU KNOW, WE HAVE
CONSIDERABLE INFLUENCE ON OUR
NEIGHBORS.
WE GENERALLY DON'T NEED TO
INVADE THEM IN ORDER TO HAVE A
STRONG, COOPERATIVE RELATIONSHIP
WITH THEM.
>> Wooduff: UKRAINE'S PARLIAMENT
TODAY HELD ITS ACTING DEFENSE
MINISTER RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
LOSS OF CRIMEA.
IT FIRED HIM AND APPOINTED A NEW
ONE.
MEANWHILE, UKRAINE'S MILITARY,
AND N.A.T.O., KEPT A CLOSE WATCH
ON THE BORDERLAND BETWEEN RUSSIA
AND UKRAINE.
>> WE ARE VERY MUCH CONCERNED
ABOUT THE RUSSIAN MILITARY
BUILD-UP ALONG THE BORDERS OF
UKRAINE.
AND ALL N.A.T.O. ALLIES CAN BE
ASSURED OF OUR DETERMINATION TO
PROVIDE EFFECTIVE DEFENSE.
>> Wooduff: THE HEAD OF
UKRAINE'S BORDER SERVICE
DISMISSED MOSCOW'S EXPLANATION
THAT IT'S ALL JUST WAR GAMES.
>> ( translated ): THE BUILD-UP
OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION
MILITARY FORCE CONTINUES.
AT THE BEGINNING THEY WERE
BUILDING UP FOR MILITARY
EXERCISES, NOW WHEN THE
EXERCISES ARE OVER THEY ARE
STILL AT THEIR LOCATIONS WHICH
WE CLEARLY SEE AND KNOW.
>> Wooduff: BACK AT THE HAGUE,
PRESIDENT OBAMA ALSO VOICED
CONCERNS THAT RUSSIA MIGHT SEIZE
MORE OF UKRAINE.
HE WARNED IT WOULD BE A BAD
CHOICE.
>> Wooduff: OUR CHIEF FOREIGN
AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT MARGARET
WARNER IS IN KIEV.
LATER, WE'LL HAVE HER INTERVIEW
TODAY WITH UKRAINE'S ACTING
PRIME MINISTER.
A NEW WAVE OF ATTACKS HIT CITIES
ACROSS IRAQ TODAY, LEAVING AT
LEAST 29 PEOPLE DEAD.
THE WORST CAME AROUND BAGHDAD,
WHERE GUNMEN KILLED EIGHT
SOLDIERS AT AN ARMY POST, AND
LATER, A SUICIDE BOMBER RAMMED A
TANKER TRUCK INTO A SECURITY
CHECKPOINT.
SIX SOLDIERS DIED THERE.
THE SURGE OF VIOLENCE IN IRAQ
BEGAN ALMOST A YEAR AGO.
IN EGYPT, A COURT PUT ANOTHER
683 SUSPECTED ISLAMISTS ON
TRIAL, FOR ONE DAY.
MOST WERE TRIED IN ABSENTIA, FOR
MURDER AND ATTEMPTED MURDER IN
LAST YEAR'S ATTACKS ON POLICE
STATIONS.
DEFENSE LAWYERS BOYCOTTED, BUT
THE JUDGE SAID HE'LL ISSUE
VERDICTS IN ABOUT A MONTH.
YESTERDAY, THE SAME JUDGE
SENTENCED 528 SUSPECTED ISLAMIST
DEFENDANTS TO DEATH FOR
MURDERING A POLICEMAN.
THE MASS TRIALS WERE CONDEMNED
BY THE U.N. HUMAN RIGHTS OFFICE
IN GENEVA.
>> DEFENSE LAWYERS ARE
COMPLAINING ABOUT A WHOLE RANGE
OF THINGS.
THEY WEREN'T ABLE TO DEFEND
THEIR CLIENTS PROPERLY.
THEY WEREN'T ABLE TO PRESENT THE
BRIEFS.
SOME WEREN'T ABLE TO MEET THEIR
CLIENTS.
SOME DEFENDANTS APPARENTLY
DIDN'T EVEN HAVE LAWYERS AT ALL.
>> Wooduff: THE U.S. STATE
DEPARTMENT SAID TODAY IT WOULD
BE UNCONSCIONABLE FOR EGYPT TO
GO AHEAD WITH THE EXECUTIONS.
ONE OF THE COUNTRY'S BUSIEST
SEAPORTS HAS NOW PARTIALLY
REOPENED THREE DAYS AFTER AN OIL
SPILL.
THE HOUSTON SHIPPING CHANNEL
CLOSED TO TRAFFIC SATURDAY WHEN
A BARGE AND SHIP COLLIDED,
SPILLING UP TO 170,000 GALLONS
OF HEAVY OIL.
CLEAN-UP OPERATIONS ARE STILL
UNDERWAY.
WALL STREET BOUNCED BACK FROM
TWO LOSING SESSIONS.
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
GAINED 91 POINTS TO CLOSE NEAR
16,368.
THE NASDAQ ROSE ALMOST EIGHT
POINTS TO CLOSE AT 4,234.
THE S-AND-P 500 ALSO GAINED
EIGHT POINTS TO FINISH AT 1,865.
STILL TO COME ON THE "NEWSHOUR:
PRESIDENT OBAMA'S PUSH FOR NEW
LIMITS ON GOVERNNTME
SURVEILLANCE; THE LATEST ON THAT
DEVASTATING MUDSLIDE; ANOTHER
CHALLENGE TO THE HEALTH CARE LAW
AT THE SUPREME COURT; UKRAINE'S
INTERIM PRIME MINISTER; PLUS,
PROTESTS IN EGYPT, AS ISLAMISTS
BY THE HUNDREDS GET SENTENCED TO
DEATH.
>> Ifill: WE RETURN NOW TO THE
PRESIDENT'S PROPOSAL TO LIMIT
THE N.S.A.'S ABILITY TO GATHER
TELEPHONE INFORMATION ON
AMERICANS.
AS INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES AND
CONGRESS PREPARE TO DEBATE THAT
BALANCE BETWEEN PRIVACY AND
SECURITY, WE TURN TO:
GARY SCHMITT, STAFF DIRECTOR OF
THE SENATE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
OF THE PRESIDENT'S FOREIGN
INTELLIGENCE ADVISORY BOARD
UNDER RONALD REAGAN...
AND KATE MARTIN DIRECTOR OF THE
CENTER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY
STUDIES, A CIVIL LIBERTIES
ADVOCACY GROUP.
HOW BIG A CONCESSION WAS IT FOR
THE PRESIDENT?
WE'LL HEAR THE DETAILS LATER
THIS WEEK, NO DOUBT, KATE MARTIN
TO DECIDE TO REIN IN THIS BULK
COLLECTION PROGRAM?
>> IT'S A SIGNIFICANT STEP.
IT'S THE PRESIDENT SAYING TO HIS
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY, YOU
HAVEN'T MADE THE CASE THAT YOU
NEED THIS AUTHORITY AND I'M
GOING TO LIMIT IT.
SO IT'S AN IMPORTANT
RECOGNITION.
YOU KNOW, HE DID IT AFTER WHO
SEPARATE -- TWO SEPARATE OUTSIDE
REVIEWS WHICH SAID THAT THIS
PARTICULAR AUTHORITY WASN'T
NEEDED AND HADN'T ACTUALLY BEEN
EFFECTIVE IN DOING ANYTHING.
>> Ifill: GARY SCHMITT A
SIGNIFICANT STEP OR GOING TOO
FAR?
>> DEFINITELY A SIGNIFICANT
STEP.
WHEN THE PRESIDENT MADE HIS
SPEECH A MONTH OR SO AGO, HE
CALLED THE PROGRAM IMPORTANT.
HE SAID THAT NOBODY HAD BROKEN
ANY LAWS AND THAT IT WAS AN
IMPORTANT TOOL FOR COUNTER
TERRORISM.
BUT YET HE HE HAS PUT TOGETHER A
PROPOSAL THAT WILL MAKE THE
SYSTEM FOR COLLECTING THIS KIND
OF INFORMATION A LITTLE LESS
FLEXIBLE AND HAVE A LITTLE LESS
INFORMATION TO GO WITH.
>> Ifill: IN WHAT WAY?
>> LESS FLEXIBLE IN A SENSE THAT
THE PROCEDURE NOW ALLOWS THE
COURT -- THE COURT GIVES THE
GENERAL INFORMATION AND THE
NUMBERS THEY HAVE --
>> Ifill: THE INTELLIGENCE
SURVEILLANCE.
>> THE COURT, YES.
THE RESULT IS NSA CAN CHECK THE
NUMBERS IN THE DATABASE.
THE NEW SYSTEM WILL -- IF THE
PROPOSAL GOES FORWARD THE COURT
WILL APPROVE EACH OF THE
REQUESTS TO GO FORWARD AND THEY
HAVE TO GO TO THE TELEPHONE
COMPANIES TO GET THE DATA.
IT'S NOT A TERRIBLE CHANGE BUT
IT MAKES THE SYSTEM LESS
FLEXIBLE.
>> WHAT IS IMPORTANT ABOUT THE
CHANGE IS THAT AT THE MOMENT --
OR WHAT THE N.S.A. HAS BEEN
DOING IS COLLECTING ALL OF THE
CALL RECORDS ON EVERYONE.
AND WHAT THE PRESIDENT HAS SAID
IS WE'RE NOT GOING TO DO THAT
ANYMORE.
INSTEAD, THE GOVERNMENT HAS A
PHONE NUMBER THAT IT SUSPECTS IS
INVOLVED WITH A TERRORIST ORGS
AND IT WILL GET -- ORGANIZATION
AND IT WILL GET THE PHONECALL
RECORDS OF PEOPLE INVOLVED WITH
THAT PHONE NUMBER AND MAYBE ONE
HOP OUT.
>> Ifill: THE WAY IT'S BEEN
PROPOSED SO FAR, WHO GETS TO
HOLD THIS INFORMATION AND FOR
HOW LONG?
>> THE COMPANIES WILL HOLD THIS
INFORMATION.
IT'S NOT AS THOUGH THE
INFORMATION IS NOT RETAINED.
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE THE N.S.A.
RETAINS THIS DATA FOR FIVE
YEARS.
AND THE TELEPHONE COMPANIES
TYPICALLY KEEP IT NO LONGER THAN
18 MONTHS.
IT'S ONE OF THE THINGS I WAS
TALKING ABOUT, LACK OF DEPTH,
IT'S HARDER TO PURSUE NUMBERS
OVER TIME.
>> Ifill: DOES IT HAMSTRING
THE GOVERNMENT'S ABILITY A BIT?
>> YES, I'M SURE.
SOME OF THE NUMBERS GO BACK A
NUMBER OF YEARS.
YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THOSE
THINGS.
IS IT A SCRIPELLI THING,
PROBABLE -- IS IT A CRIPPLING
THING?
PROBABLY NOT WITH YOU IT'S A
CHANGE.
>> WHAT IS THE IMPORTANT ABOUT
THE CHANGE.
THE PHONE COMPANIES HOLDING THE
DATA -- THEY HAVE DATA ON THEIR
CUSTOMERS, RIGHT, BUT WHAT THE
REVIEW GROUP THAT THE PRESIDENT
SET UP SAID WAS THAT THE N.S.A.
HAVING THIS MASSIVE DATABASE ON
AMERICAN PHONECALLS POSED RISKS
TO DEMOCRATIC GOVERNMENTS WHICH
WERE NOT NECESSARY OR JUSTIFIED
BY ANY NATIONAL SECURITY BENEFIT
FROM THAT KIND OF DATABASE.
SO THE PRESIDENT SAID WE'RE NOT
GOING TO HAVE THAT DATABASE
ANYMORE.
>> Ifill: HE MEANT THAT HE
DIDN'T CONCEIVE IF IT WAS LEGAL
OR NOT.
WAS IT LEGAL IN YOUR OPINION?
>> THE PRESIDENT SAID IT WAS
LEGAL AND HE SAID THERE WAS NO
EVIDENCE OF MISUSE OF THIS
AUTHORITY.
IN A SENSE, WE'RE FIXING A FLAT
TIRE THAT HASN'T GONE FLAT.
>> WELL, IT IS TRUE THAT THE
PRESIDENT BELIEVES IT'S LEGAL.
IT'S LEGALITY IS UNDER ATTACK --
UNDER CHALLENGE.
>> Ifill: DO YOU BELIEVE IT'S
LEGAL?
>> NO, I DON'T THINK THEY HAVE
THE AUTHORITY.
WE'RE FILING, ALONG WITH LOTS OF
OTHER GROUPS, TO SAY THAT THEY
DON'T HAVE THE AUTHORITY.
WHAT THE PRESIDENT -- THE WAY
THE PRESIDENT DESCRIBES IT IS IE
CAN DO IT BUT SHOULD WE DO IT?
I DON'T THINK THEY CAN DO IT
UNDER THE LAW.
>> Ifill: THERE'S A SUSPICION
STANDARD.
THE LINE WHICH YOU CAN CROSS TO
DECIDE WHETHER IT'S INFORMATION
YOU ARE GETTING AND RETAINING.
IT'S NOT QUITE CLEAR YET WHERE
THAT LINE IS.
WHERE SHOULD IT BE?
>> I THINK A COUPLE THINGS GOING
ON.
THE ADMINISTRATION AND THE
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY COULDN'T
SHOW IT WAS CRITICAL
INFORMATION.
THEY COULD JUST SHOW IT WAS
IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
YOU HAVE THE SPECTER OF THE
GOVERNMENT RETAINING THE DATA
AND PEOPLE WERE SUSPICIOUS.
THAT'S WHERE YOU ARE SEEING THE
PRESIDENT RESPOND AS WELL AS
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
THAT SAID, AGAIN, IN THE ABSENCE
OF ANYBODY SHOWING THAT SOMEBODY
WAS BEING UNTOWARDLY USED AND
THE COURTS HAVE ROUTINELY SAID
THIS PROGRAM WAS CONSTITUTIONAL,
IT'S KIND OF AN ODD THING THAT
WE'RE GOING THROUGH THIS
EXERCISE TO FIX SOMETHING THAT
FRANKLY WASN'T BROKEN.
>> Ifill: GOING THROUGH THIS
EXERCISE --
>> WELL, THE ONLY COURT, THE
COURT THAT LOOKED AT IT FROM THE
OUTSIDE SAID IT WAS
CONSTITUTIONAL BUT THE FIESA
COURT SAID -- FISA COURT SAID IT
WAS CONSTITUTIONAL.
WE'RE LOOKING AT IT BECAUSE WHEN
THE PROGRAM WAS BROUGHT TO THE
LIGHT OF DAY, THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE SAID TO THE PRESIDENT,
WHY WOULD WE HAVE THE NATIONAL
SECURITY AGENCY KEEP A DATABASE
OF EVERY SINGLE PHONECALL MADE
BY EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN.
>> Ifill: YOU ARE SAYING
LEGALITY ASIDE IT JUST DIDN'T
SMELL RIGHT?
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
AND THEN IT WASN'T THAT IT WAS
HELPFUL.
THERE WAS NO EVIDENCE IT WAS
HELPFUL IN STOPPING ANY
TERRORIST ATTACK.
THERE'S AMPLE HISTORICAL
PRECEDENT FOR A GOVERNMENT
MISUSING MASSIVE DATABASES ON
ITS CITIZENS, AND I THINK THAT'S
WHAT THE PRESIDENT RECOGNIZED.
>> Ifill: GO AHEAD.
YOU WANTED TO RESPOND.
>> A COUPLE THINGS.
ON THE MISUSE.
THE WAY THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMITTEE IS SET UP TO WITH THE
SENATE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE AND
THE JUSTICE OVERSIGHT AND COURT
OVERSIGHT THE IDEA THAT COULD
YOU HAVE A MASSIVE MISUSE FOR
WRONGDOING OF THIS DATA IS
WRONG.
THAT HAPPENED IN THE PAST BUT
THE COMMITTEES UNDER WHICH IT
OPERATES MAKES IT UNLIKELY YOU
COULD MISUSE THE DATA IN THAT
FASHION.
>> Ifill: BRIEFLY, GOING
FORWARD IS THERE A CHANCE IT'S
GOING TO GO ANYWHERE?
IS THERE A MOVEMENT BY CONGRESS
THAT WILL MAKE THIS MOVE?
IS THERE AGREEMENT?
>> THE PRESIDENT SAYS HE WANTS A
BILL FROM CONGRESS WHICH HE
NEEDS TO MAKE THE CHANGES HE IS
TALKING ABOUT ACCORDING TO HIM.
THERE IS, AT THE MOMENT,
BIPARTISAN BILLS IN BOTH THE
SENATE AND IN THE HOUSE WHICH
WOULD MAKE THESE CHANGES.
THERE'S MAYBE A MAJORITY OF
HOUSE MEMBERS WHO SUPPORT MAKING
THESE CHANGES.
>> Ifill: WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> I DON'T THINK THAT CONSENSUS
EXISTS.
UNLESS THE PRESIDENT GETS REALLY
BEHIND THIS BILL, I THINK HE'S
GOING TO HAVE A HARD TIME
PASSING IT.
>> Ifill: THANK YOU BOTH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Wooduff: IN WASHINGTON STATE
THIS EVENING, THERE ARE NO NEW
LEADS BEING REPORTED YET IN THE
SEARCH FOR VICTIMS OR SURVIVORS
OF THAT ENORMOUS MUDSLIDE.
AUTHORITIES BELIEVE THE DEATH
TOLL IS LIKELY TO CHANGE BEFORE
THE DAY IS OUT.
SO FAR, AT LEAST 14 PEOPLE ARE
CONFIRMED DEAD, AND POSSIBLY AS
MANY AS 176 UNACCOUNTED FOR.
THE SEAR CONCHTINUES IN THE
SMALL TOWN OF OSO.
JEFFREY BROWN HAS THE LATEST ON
THE DIFFICULTIES OF THE RESCUE
EFFORT.
>> Brown: THE SEARCH TEAMS
LABORED ON, FOUR DAYS AFTER
DISASTER STRUCK AND WITH RAIN
LIKELY TO MAKE THEIR JOB THAT
MUCH TOUGHER.
COUPLED WITH THE DIFFICULTY IS
THE FADING HOPE OF FINDING ANY
MORE SURVIVORS.
BUT AMID THE MUCK, THE LOCAL
FIRE CHIEF  INSISTED TODAY
THEY'RE NOT GIVING UP.
>> RESCUE OR RECOVERY, WE'RE
DOING BOTH.
AND THAT'S NOT GONNA CHANGE THE
PACE AT WHAT WE'RE WORKING HERE,
WHETHER WE CALL IT RESCUE OR
RECOVERY.
WE'RE STILL IN RESCUE MODE IN MY
MIND AND WE ARE THROWING
EVERYTHING THAT WE HAVE AT THIS
>> Brown: MANY FAMILIES, THOUGH,
FEAR THE WORST.
RAE SMITH'S DAUGHTER IS STILL
AMONG THE MISSING.
>> MY DAUGHTER, MY 16 YEAR OLD,
MY ADULT SON AND HIS TWO YOUNG
SONS WERE DOWN THERE DIGGING
WITH THEIR HANDS TRYING TO FIND
HER TRYING TO FIND ANY SIGN OF
HER.
>> Brown: AS THE SEARCH
CONTINUES, QUESTIONS HAVE ARISEN
ON WHETHER THE DISASTER MIGHT
HAVE BEEN FORESEEN.
"THE SEATTLE TIMES" REPORTS A
SCIENTIST WARNED IN 1999 OF "THE
POTENTIAL FOR A LARGE
CATASTROPHIC FAILURE."
>> Brown: STILL, OFFICIALS
STRESSED TODAY A SLIDE OF THIS
MAGNITUDE IS HARD TO PREDICT.
JOHN PENNINGTON IS EMERGENCY
MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR FOR
SNOHOMISH COUNTY.
>> THERE'S BEEN WARNINGS AND
ADVANCED NOTIFICATIONS OF THE
HIGH RISK FOR LANDSLIDES.
WE'VE DONE EVERYTHING WE COULD.
MY  HEART GOES OUT TO ALL OF
THESE INDIVIDUALS.
WE'RE GONNA GET TO THE BOTTOM OF
THIS.
>> Brown: OFFICIALS HAVE NO
ESTIMATE OF HOW LONG IT WILL
TAKE TO GET TO THE BOTTOM OF ALL
THE MUD, ONLY THE NEAR CERTAINTY
THAT THE DEATH COUNT WILL KEEP
RISING.
AND FOR THE LATEST FROM
WASHINGTON, I'M JOINED BY AKIKO
FUJITA WHO HAS BEEN COVERING THE
STORY FOR ABC NEWS.
THANKS FOR JOINING US.
TELL US MORE ABOUT THE PROBLEMS
THEY ARE HAVING WITH THIS
RESCUE.
IT REMAINS A DANGEROUS SCENE
THERE, RIGHT?
>> Reporter: THAT'S THE RIGHT.
THE BIGGEST CONCERN IS THE
WEATHER.
IT'S RAINING AGAIN TODAY.
YESTERDAY THERE WAS A BREAK FROM
THE RAIN FOR THE SEARCH CREWS.
THEY WERE ABLE TO RECOVER MORE
BODIES BUT THE CONCERN IS THAT
YOU ARE DEALING WITH A RAIN THAT
IS SO SATURATED.
OFFICIALS KEEP USING THAT WORD
QUICKSAND.
IT'S LIKE QUICKSAND WHEN THEY
ARE OUT THERE.
WITH MORE RAIN AND HEAVY
RAINFALL EXPECTED LATER IN THE
WEEK THEY'VE HAD TO PULL BACK
CREWS AT TIMES BECAUSE THEY ARE
WORRIED ABOUT THEIR SAFETY AS
WELL.
THAT HAS BEEN THE BIGGEST HEARD
UNTIL GETTING TO -- HURDLE IN
GETTING TO ANY POE POTENTIAL
SURVIVORS AND IDENTIFYING VICTIM
AS WELL.
>> Brown: HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE
INVOLVED IN THE EFFORT AT ANY
GIVEN TIME AND HOW ARE THEY
DEALING WITH THE QUICKSAND
SITUATIONS?
>> THERE'S MORE THAN 200 CREWS
ON THE GROUND NOW.
THE NATIONAL GUARD IS INVOLVED.
STATE SEARCH TEAMS, WE'VE GOT
SEARCH DOGS ON THE GROUND.
LOCAL VOLUNTEERS.
YOU KNOW, THEY ARE OUT THERE
USING HEAT -- THERMAL DEVICES.
THEY'VE ALSO USING CELL PHONES.
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THIS AREA, SOME
OF THE MUD IS 15 FEET DEEP.
IT'S MADE IT DIFFICULT FOR THEM
TO EVEN GET INTO THAT AREA.
THAT'S WHERE THE HELICOPTERS
HAVE HELPED THEM IN THE SEARCH
BUT KEEP IN MIND, THESE CREWS
HAVE NOT FOUND ANY SURVIVORS
SINCE SATURDAY WHEN THE DISASTER
HIT.
I THINK WITH EVERY DAY THAT GOES
BY, THE REALITY, YOU KNOW, IS
STARTING TO LOOK GRIM.
>> Brown: DO YOU GET THE SENSE
FROM OFFICIALS THAT THIS IS IN
FACT NO LONGER A RESCUE
SITUATION?
THAT IT REALLY IS A SENSE THAT
PEOPLE ARE VERY UNLIKELY TO BE
ALIVE AT THIS POINT?
>> Reporter: THEY HAVEN'T COME
OUT AND SAID THAT.
I THINK THEY'VE BEEN VERY
UPFRONT IN SAYING, LOOK, IT'S
BEEN THREE DAYS, WE UNDERSTAND
THE REALITY.
BUT THERE ARE MORE THAN 170
PEOPLE ON THE LIST OF -- NAMES
OF PEOPLE UNACCOUNTED FOR.
THEY DON'T WANT TO CALL IT A
RECOVERY ONLY MISSION JUST YET
BECAUSE FAMILIES ARE WAITING TO
HEAR FROM THEIR LOVED ONES OR
WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM.
>> Brown: THE NUMBER, 170 THEY
SAID IT'S PROBABLY WELL LARGER
THAN THE POSSIBLE BODIES.
EXPLAIN HOW THEY ARE ACCOUNTING
FOR THAT NUMBER.
>> Reporter: THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, THEY MADE IT CLEAR
THAT THERE MAY BE DUPLICATES ON
THAT LIST.
BUT WHAT THEY'VE DONE SINCE
YESTERDAY.
ON SUNDAY IT WAS 20 PEOPLE
MISSING AND THEN IT JUMPED ON
MONDAY.
WHAT THEY SAID IS THAT THEY JUST
WANT PEOPLE TO KNOW WHAT THEY
ARE DOING.
THEY ARE ASKING PEOPLE TO CALL
IN FOR ANYBODY MISSING.
THEY ARE GIVING DESCRIPTIONS IN
SOME CASES.
IN SOME CASES IT'S A FAMILY
MEMBER WITH ALL THE INFORMATION
THERE.
THEY ARE COMPILING A LIST AND
PUTTING IT OUT TO THE PUBLIC SO
THEY ARE AWARE.
THE PUBLIC IS AWARE ABOUT WHAT
OFFICIALS ARE DEALING WITH.
>> Brown: WHAT ABOUT FAMILY
MEMBERS?
HAVE YOU BEEN ABLE TO TALK TO
ANY OF THEM?
ARE THEY HOLDING OUT HOPE?
RESIGNED?
WHAT IS THE ATTITUDE THERE?
>> Reporter: I THINK IT
DEPENDS ON WHAT YOU SPEAK WITH.
THERE'S INCREASING FRUSTRATION
AMONG SOME FAMILY MEMBERS.
THE CONCERN THAT THEY THINK THE
RESCUE EFFORT IS TOO SLOW.
WE HAVE HEARD OF FAMILY MEMBERS
WHO HAVE GONE OUT ON THEIR OWN
AND DIG THROUGH THE MUD TO FIND
SIGNS OF LIFE.
OTHERS JUST HOLDING OUT HOPE
KNOWING THAT CREWS ARE OUT
THERE, MORE THAN 200 PEOPLE
SEARCHING FOR THEIR LOVED ONES.
CAN I TELL US FROM TRACE IS
GROWING BECAUSE THEY DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED.
>> Brown: LET ME ASK YOU
FINALLY BRIEFLY, OFFICIALS ARE
NOT GIVING A TIMELINE FOR THIS.
IS THERE ANY SENSE?
ARE WE TALKING DAYS, WEEKS, EVEN
LONGER?
>> Reporter: THEY HAVEN'T
GIVEN ANY SENSE EVER A TIMELINE.
AT THIS POINT THEY ARE GOING TO
CONTINUE TO SEARCH.
AGAIN, LIKE I SAID EARLIER WITH
THEM NOT WANTING TO CALL THIS A
RECOVERY EFFORT, THEY ARE NOT
GIVING UP HOPE HERE.
THE HEAD OF EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT
SAID HE BELIEVED IN MIRACLES.
THAT GIVES YOU A SENSE.
THEY KNOW TOP FIND ANYBODY
THROUGHOUT WOULD -- TO FIND
ANYBODY WOULD BE A MIRACLE BUT
THEY ARE MOVING FORWARD WITH THE
INTENT TO CONTINUE UNTIL EVERY
SINGLE PERSON IS ACCOUNTED FOR.
>> Brown: AKIKO FUJITA OF ABC
NEWS, THANKS SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Wooduff: THE HOTLY DEBATED
ISSUES OF CONTRACEPTION,
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, AND THE
PRESIDENT'S HEALTH-CARE LAW TOOK
CENTER STAGE TODAY AT THE U.S.
SUPREME COURT.
WE START WITH A LOOK AT THE
PEOPLE INVOLVED IN THE CASE.
IT COMES FROM TIM O'BRIEN, WHO
FILED THIS REPORT FOR THE PBS
PROGRAM, RELIGION AND ETHICS
NEWS WEEKLY.
>> Reporter: THE CHALLENGE AT
THE FURNITURE COMPANY IN EAST
ERL, PENNSYLVANIA AND BY HOBBY
LOBBY A NATIONAL CHAIN OF CRAFT
STORES WITH SOME 28,000
EMPLOYEES.
BOTH COMPANIES ARE RUN BY
DEVOUTLY RELIGIOUS FAMILIES WHO
SAY REQUIRING THEM TO INCLUDE
CERTAIN CONTRACEPTIVES IN THE
HEALTH INSURANCE VIOLATES THEIR
RELIGIOUS CONVICTIONS.
THE OBAMACARE CONTRACEPTIONMAN
DATE REQUIRES COMPANIES TO
PROVIDE COVERAGE FOR 20
GOVERNMENT APPROVED METHODS OF
CONTRACEPTION.
THE PLAINTIFFS OBJECT TO ONLY
FOUR OF THEM SUCH AS THE MORNING
AFTER PILL.
>> THIS SAY ISSUE OF LIFE THAT
WE CANNOT -- THIS IS AN ISSUE OF
LIKE AND WE CANNOT BE IN A PART
OF TAKING LIFE.
TO BE IN A SITUATION THAT THE
GOVERNMENT IS TELLING US WE HAVE
TO BE IS INCREDIBLE.
>> THERE'S NO WAY WE'RE TAKING
ANYBODY'S RIGHTS AWAY.
IT'S OUR RIGHTS INFRINGED UPON
TO REQUIRE US TO DO SOMETHING
AGAINST OUR CONSCIENCE.
>> Reporter: THE SUPREME COURT
WILL NOT BE WRITING ON A BLANK
SLAIVMENT THEY'LL BE DRAWING ON
TWO OF THE MOST CONTROVERSIAL
DECISIONS IN RECENT MEMORY.
IN 1990 THE COURT RULED NATIVE
AMERICAN INDIANS COULD BE
PUNISHED FOR INGESTING PEYOTE
EVEN THOUGH IT WAS PART OF THE
RELIGIOUS RITUAL AND MORE
IMPORTANTLY THE LAWS THAT AMY TO
EVERYONE DO NOT HAVE TO MAKE
EXCEPTIONS FOR RELIGN.IO
THAT PROMPTED CONGRESS TO PROMPT
THE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM
INFORMATION ACT.
PRESIDENT CLINTON SIGNED IT INTO
LAW IN A LAVISH CEREMONY AFTER
IT PASSED THE HOUSE AND SAILED
THROUGH THE SENATE 97-3.
THAT LAW IS AT THE HEART OF THIS
WEEK'S SUPREME COURT CASES.
IT STATES THAT THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT SHALL NOT
SUBSTANTIALLY BURDEN A PERSON'S
EXERCISE OF RELIGION UNLESS IT
IS THE LEAST RESTRICTED MEANS OF
FURTHERING A COMPELLING
GOVERNMENT INTEREST.
HOBBY LOBBY TAPPED PAUL CLEMENT.
>> IT MAY SEEM LIKE THERE'S
SOMETHING ODD ABOUT A
CORPORATION EXERCISING RELIGION.
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE FAMILIAR
WITH CHICK-FIL-A.
IF YOU TRY TO GET A SANDWICH ON
A SUNDAY YOU HAVE A PROBLEM
BECAUSE THEY ARE CLOSED ON
SUNDAY.
>> Reporter: THE CONTRACEPTION
MANDATE MAKES EXCEPTIONS FOR
CHURCHES AND RELIGIOUS
CORPORATIONS.
THERE'S A GRANDFATHER PROVISION
EXEMPTING MANY OTHER PLANS AND
THE LAW DOESN'T EVEN APPLY TO
COMPANIES WITH FEWER THAN 50
EMPLOYEES.
THAT ADDS UP TO MILLIONS OF
AMERICAN WORKERS EXEMPT.
SO MANY, IN FACT, SAYS CLEMENT
THAT ALL THE EXEMPTIONS
UNDERMINE ANY CLAIM THAT THE
MANDATE FURTHERS A COMPELLING
GOVERNMENT INTEREST AS THE LAW
REQUIRES.
>> WE'VE NEVER HAD A LAW EXACTLY
LIKE THAT THIS THE GOVERNMENT
TELLS ME I HAVE TO PAY FOR
SOMEBODY ELSE'S ABORTIZATIONS OR
CONTRACEPTIONS.
I THINK THE GOVERNMENT HAS
RECOGNIZED WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
ABORTION AND CONTRACEPTION, YOU
ARE TREADING ON RELIGIOUSLY
SENSITIVE TOPICS.
>> Reporter: THE CONTRACEPTION
MANDATE WAS DRAWN UP BY THE
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN
SERVICES AND FOLLOWS A REPORT
FROM THE INSTITUTE OF MEDICINE,
A NONPROFIT DIVISION OF NATIONAL
ACADEMY OF SCIENCE.
THE INSTITUTE CONCLUDED THAT
CONTRACEPTIVED HELP REDUCE
UNWANTED PREGNANCIES WHICH
REDUCES THE NUMBER OF ABORTIONS
BUT MANY WOMEN DO NOT HAVE THE
RESOURCES TO BUY THE COULDN'T
CONTRACEPTIVES THEY NEED OR
THOSE MOST EFFECTIVE.
>> WE KNOW UNINTENDED
PREGNANCIES ARE QUITE PREVALENT
IN THE UNITED STATES, SEVERAL
MILLION A YEAR.
WE KNOW 40% OF THOSE END UP IN
ABORTION.
THERE'S ALSO EVIDENCE THAT THE
MORE YOU PROVIDE FAMILY
PLANNING, THE LESS ABORTIONS
THERE ARE.
>> WHILE HOBBY LOBBY MAY HAVE
THE SUPPORT OF RELIGIONS IN THE
U.S. THE HEALTH CARE COMMUNITY
HAS RALLIED BEHIND THE
GOVERNMENT AND CONTRACEPTION
MANDATE.
THE GOOD MARKER INSTITUTE A
NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL
CHAMPION FOR WOMEN'S HEALTH AND
REPRODUCTIVE FREEDOM TAPPED
ANOTHER HEAVYWEIGHT TO MAKE ITS
CASE.
THE SOLICITOR GENERAL IN THE
CLINTON ADMINISTRATION SAYS EVEN
IF HOBBY LOBBY IS A PERSON AT
ALL UNDER THE LAW, IT'S CLAIM TO
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IS WEAK.
>> EVEN ASSUMING THAT
CORPORATIONS CAN ASSERT RIGHTS
UNDER THE RELIGION CLAUSES OR
THE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM
RESTORATION ACT, A CORPORATION
IS VERY UNLIKELY EVER TO BE ABLE
TO ESTABLISH A CLAIM THAT IT HAS
A CONSCIENCE THAT IS BEING
VIOLATED OR OVERRIDDEN.
THERE ISN'T A TRADITION OF A FOR
PROFIT CORPORATION HAVING A SOUL
OR BEING FACED WITH DAMNATION.
>> THE COMPELLING GOVERNMENTAL
INTEREST HERE IS THAT COMPANIES
NOT BE ALLOWED TO IMPOSE THEIR
RELIGIOUS VIEWS ON THEIR OWN
EMPLOYEES IN A WAY THAT
SUBSTANTIALLY BURDENS THE
EMPLOYEE'S RIGHT TO MAKE HER OWN
DECISION ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT
SHE WISHES TO USE CONTRACEPTION.
>> Reporter: THE IMPLICATIONS
OF RULE COG BE ENORMOUS DEFINING
WHAT LAWS A PERSON OR
CORPORATION MAY CHALLENGE UNDER
RELIGIOUS GROUND GROUNDS AND
UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES POLICY
COULD OVERRIDE THE RIGHTS OF
INDIVIDUALS.
>> Woodruff: MARCIA COIL WAS
IN THE COURTROOM AND SHE'S BACK
WITH US TONIGHT.
THANKS JODY.
MARCIA TELL US HOW IT WENT
INSIDE THE COURTROOM WITH THIS.
STARTING OFF WITH THE ARGUMENTS
MADE BY THE LAWYERS REPRESENTING
THESE TWO COMPANIES.
>> OKAY.
IT WAS A GREAT ARGUMENT, JUDY.
IT WAS 90 MINUTES BUT REALLY
FELT LIKE 30 BECAUSE WE HAD TWO
REALLY GOOD LAWYERS ARGUING THE
CASE.
A LOT OF QUESTIONS FROM THE
JUSTICES.
THE ARGUMENTS FOCUSED PRIMARILY
ON THE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM
RESTORATION ACT WHICH IS
COMMONLY CALLED RFRA.
THERE ARE FOUR PARTS OF ACT THE
ARGUMENTS CENTER ON.
ONE:  ARE CORPORATIONS A PERSON
ABLE TO EXERCISE RELIGIOUS
RIGHTS?
TWO, WHAT IS THE GOVERNMENT
REQUIREMENT OF CONTRACEPTION
COVERAGE, IS IT A SUBSTANTIAL
BURDEN ON THE CORPORATIONS AND
OWNERS?
DOES THE GOVERNMENT HAVE A
COMPELLING INTEREST IN PROVIDING
OR MANDATING THAT ZMONCH --
COVERAGE?
AND HAS IT CHOSEN THE RIGHT
MEANS?
MR. CLEMENT WAS QUESTIONED
RIGOROUSLY WITH JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR.
CAN A CORPORATION EXERCISE
RELIGIOUS RIGHTS AND HOW DOES IT
DO?
HE SAID YES, IT DOES AND HE
POINTED TO THE FACT THAT A
PERSON, AS DEFINED BY CONGRESS
IN WHAT IS CALLED THE DICTIONARY
ACT INCLUDES CORPORATIONS.
COURTS, HE SAID, ARE ABLE TO
DETERMINE WHETHER CORPORATION
RELIGIOUS BELIEFS ARE SINCERE
JUST WHAT THEY DETERMINE EVERY
DAY WHAT A INTENT OR MOTIVATION
IS IN OTHER CASES.
ANOTHER CAME BACK TO SAY IT'S
JUST THE SORT OF EXCESSIVE
ENTANGMENT OF GOVERNMENT AND
RELIGION THE GOVERNMENT TRIES TO
AVOID.
>> IT WAS NOTABLE THE OTHER TWO
WOMEN JUSTICES WERE BEHIND MANY
OF THE CASES AT THE PHASE.
JUSTICE GINSBURG AND SOTOMAYOR.
>> JUSTICE KAGAN TALKED ABOUT
THE SLIPPERY SLOPE HERE.
IF IT'S TRUE THEY CAN BRING THE
CLAIMS IS YOUR ARGUMENT LIMITED
TO SENSITIVE ISSUES OR MATERIALS
LIKE CONTRACEPTIVES.
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR SAID WHAT
ABOUT RELIGIOUS GROUPS THAT
DON'T BELIEVE IN TRANSFUSIONS
AND VACCINATIONS.
MR. CLEMENT RESPONDED, WELL IT
DEPENDS ON THE BURDEN PLACED ON
THE PERSON WITH THE RELIGIOUS
BELIEF AND AS WELL AS THE
GOVERNMENT HAVING A COMPELLING
INTEREST IN IMPOSING THAT BURDEN
BUT THERE'S NO COMPELLING
INTEREST IN THIS PARTICULAR
CASE.
>> Woodruff: HOW UNUSUAL IS IT
TO HAVE THREE WOMEN JUSTICES
COMING AT AN ARGUMENT LIKE THIS?
>> IT'S NOT UNUSUAL BECAUSE
JUSTICES SOTOMAYOR AND KAGAN ARE
ACTIVE QUESTIONERS.
SOTOMAYOR IS OFTEN THE FIRST
QUESTIONER IN ANY ARGUMENT.
CLEARLY THEY WERE READY AND
PRIMED TO GO TO THE HEART OF THE
CONCERNS RAISED ABOUT THE ISSUES
IN THIS PARTICULAR CASE WOONCH
TELL US HOW THE OTHER --
>> Woodruff: TELL US HOW THE
OTHER SIDE CAME AT THIS.
THE GOVERNMENT
>> THE SOLICITOR GENERAL OF THE
UNITED STATES TOLD THE COURT
THAT CORPORATIONS DON'T EXERCISE
RELIGIOUS RIGHTS.
THEY ARE NOT PERSONS UNDER RFRA.
HE SAID THAT NO COURT AND THEY
CASE HAS EVER -- AND NO CASE HAS
EVER HELD THAT THEY EXERCISE
RELIGIOUS RIGHTS.
JUSTICE SCALIA INTERJECTED
THERE'S NO CASE THAT SAYS THEY
HAVEN'T.
BUT HE DID POINT TO A CASE
INVOLVING AN AMISH EMPLOYER WHO
WANTED TO OPT OUT OF SOCIAL
SECURITY AND THE U.S. SUPREME
COURT SAID THEY COULD NOT.
HE TRIED VERY HARD TO BRING THE
ARGUMENT BACK TO THE OTHER
PARTIES EFFECTED IN THIS CASE.
IT'S NOT JUST THE EMPLOYER, HE
SAID, IT'S THE BURDEN ON THIRD
PARTIES, THE WORKERS.
AND JUSTICE KENNEDY DID
INTERJECT AT ONE POINT, WHAT
ABOUT EMPLOYEES WHO DON'T SHARE
THE RELIGIOUS BELIEFS OR THE
OWNERS OF CORPORATIONS?
DOES RELIGION TRUMP THOSE
EMPLOYEES?
>> Woodruff: VIGOROUS
QUESTIONS FROM THE MORE
CONSERVATIVE MEMBERS?
>> THEY TRAINED ALMOST ALL OF
THEIR QUESTIONS ON THE
GOVERNMENT'S ATTORNEY.
>> Woodruff: WHAT DID YOU FIND
MEMORABLE ABOUT THAT?
>> I THINK THEY SEEMED HOSTILE
TO THE GOVERNMENT'S ARGUMENTS.
ALTHOUGH, I NEVER PREDICT.
IT WAS CLEAR THAT THE CHIEF
JUSTICE, FOR EXAMPLE, ASKED THE
QUESTION HE SAID THE EXCESSIVE
ENTANGLEMENT OF GOVERNMENT AND
RELIGION MAY BE ABLE TO BE
AVOIDED HERE BY SAYING
CORPORATIONS CLOSELY HELD S-TYPE
CORPORATIONS CAN BRING THESE
CLAIMS AND WILL AWAIT ANOTHER
DAY WHEN A PUBLICLY HELD
CORPORATION LIKE EXXON TRIES TO
BRING A CLAIM, WHICH HE SAID, I
DON'T THINK WILL HAPPEN.
>> Woodruff: MARCIA THERE'S
ANALYSIS THAT JUSTICE KENNEDY
COULD BE THE SWING VOTE HERE.
IS IT TOO EARLY TO SAY THAT?
HOW DID YOU READ THAT?
IT'S NOT TOO EARLY.
HE OFTEN IS THE DETERMINING VOTE
IN CASES WHERE THEY ARE CLOSELY
DIVIDED.
THEY APPEAR CLOSELY DIVIDE HERE.
HIS QUESTIONS DURING THE
ARGUMENT TODAY GIVE SOME SUPPORT
TO EACH SIDE.
HE REALLY DIDN'T TIP HIS --
WHERE HE WAS HEADED.
HE DIDN'T TIP HIS HAND IN THE
ARGUMENT.
WE'LL HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE WHAT
HE DOES WITH IT.
>> Woodruff: WHAT ABOUT THE
COMMENT WE HEARD AT THE END OF
TIM O'BRIEN'S REPORT THAT WHAT
THE JUSTICES IS A COULD YOU HAVE
BROADER IMPLICATIONS FOR HOW
CORPORATIONS ARE SEEN AND SOME
OF THE OTHER THINGS?
>> IT ABSOLUTELY COULD.
YOU HAVE TO WAIT TO SEE HOW THEY
WRITE THEIR DECISION HOWEVER
THEY WRITE IT NARROWLY AND
BROADLY AND WHO WINS.
THERE'S A CONCERN THAT
CORPORATIONS WILL BE ABLE TO
BRING OTHER KINDS OF CLAIMS
TRYING TO OPT OUT OF OTHER LEGAL
REQUIREMENTS AND SOME OF THE
SUGGESTIONS WERE, YOU KNOW, ARE
WE GOING TO SEE THEM TRYING TO
OPT OUT OF SAY OUR
DISCRIMINATION LAWS?
AND SO IT REALLY DOES DEPEND ON
HOW THE COURT WRITES THE
OPINION.
>> Woodruff: NOT A DULL DAY AT
THE SUPREME COURT.
NEVER IS.
>> ONE OTHER THING JUDY I FORGET
TO SAY YOU CAN READ THE
TRANSCRIPT OF ARGUMENT ON THE
SUPREME COURT WEB SITE RIGHT
NOW.
YOU CAN LISTEN TO THE AUDIO ON
FRIDAY ON THE WEB SITE.
>> Woodruff: YOUAN  CDO IT
RIGHT AT THE END OF THE
NEWSHOUR.
MARCIA COYLE, THANKS.
>> MY PLEASURE.
>> Ifill: NOW, OUR EXCLUSIVE
INTERVIEW WITH THE INTERIM PRIME
MINISTER OF UKRAINE.
CHIEF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
CORRESPONDENT MARGARET WARNER
SAT DOWN WITH ARSENIY YATSENYUK
THIS AFTERNOON IN KIEV.
>> Warner: PRIME MINISTER,
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HAVING US.
>> MY PLEASURE.
>> Warner: YOU HAVE PAGER
RUSSIAN FORCES ON YOUR BOARDER.
ARE YOU PREPARED TO LET THEM
CROSS?
>> WHAT WE DID IN CRIMEA, WE
REFRAINED FROM USE OF FORCE IN
ORDER TO PREVENT THE BLOODSHED.
IN ORDER TO SHOW TO THE ENTIRE
WORLD THAT THE RUSSIAN MILITARY
AND RUSSIAN REGIME WHO OCCUPIED
THE UKRAINIAN TERRITORY.
THE SECURITY COUNCIL 14 OUT OF
15 ACTUALLY SUPPORTED UKRAINIAN
IND PNS.
ON THE QUESTION YOU RAISED WHAT
HAPPENS IF RUSSIA CROSSES THE
BORDER OF MAINLAND THIS ZIEWTY
OF EVERY UKRAINIAN CITIZEN TO
PROTECT OUR COUNTRY.
WE WILL FIGHT.
>> Warner: IS YOUR MILITARY UP
TO THE JOB?
>> MY MILITARY WAS DELIBERATELY
DISMANTLED BY THE FORMER
GOVERNMENT.
AND WHAT WE ARE DOING TODAY IS
WE TRIED TO MAINTAIN A
CAPABILITY OF UKRAINIAN MILITARY
TO FIGHT.
WE MADE THE NUMBER OF STEPS IN
ORDER TO PREPARE THE MILITARY TO
DEFEND UKRAINIAN TERRITORY.
BUT IN ANY CASE WHAT WE NEED, WE
NEED SUPPORT FROM THE INTERS
NATIONAL COMMUNITY, WE NEED DER
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY, WE NEED
SUPPORT TO MOD CONCERNIZE THE
MILITARY AND BE READY NOT JUST
TO FIGHT BUT BE READY TO WIN.
>> Warner: WHAT DO YOU NEED IN
WAY OF MILITARY ASSISTANCE RIGHT
NOW FROM THE U.S., FROM NATO,
FROM THE REST THAT YOU ARE NOT
GETTING?
>> YOU PROBABLY DO REMEMBER THIS
SO CALLED NOTORIOUS BIEWD PEST
MEMORANDUM.
>>
>> ABSOLUTELY WHEN UKRAINE
RELINK WINED THE NUCLEAR WEAPON.
AT THE TIME WE HAD THE THIRD
BIGGEST NUCLEAR ARSENAL IN THE
WORLD.
THEY WERE GIVEN THAT FIND THE
BIEWD PEST TREATY AND GUARANTEED
UKRAINIAN INDEPENDENCE.
ONE OF KEY SIGNATURES --
SIGNIFICANT IN A -- RUSSIA
VIOLATED THE DEAL.
WE ASK OUR PARTNERS TO UNDERTAKE
REAL STEPS IN ORDER TO SUPPORT
UKRAINIAN INDEPENDENCE.
AND INDEPENDENCE AND MILITARY
STRENGTH IS SO TOUGHLY
CORRELATED IN THIS WORLD.
I'M NOT SURE I CAN GO INTO
DETAILS ON THIS PARTICULAR ISSUE
BUT WE STARTED TO DIALECT WITH
THE AMERICAN PARTNERS AND WITH
THE UK GOVERNMENT HOW TO SUPPORT
UKRAINE TO DEFEND ITS
INDEPENDENCE.
>> Warner: DO YOU FEEL
BETRAYED BY THE U.S. WHICH DID
SIGN THAT 1994 MEMORANDUM.
DO YOU THINK THAT THE U.S. AND
NATO OWE UKRAINE MORE?
>> I DO BELIEVE THAT EVERY G-7
MEMBER ALSO LOOKED TO THE WORLD.
-- OWES IT TO THE WORLD.
IT'S NOT ABOUT THE UKRAINIAN
CASE.
IT'S ABOUT THE GLOBAL SECURITY
WHICH IS HEAVILY UNDERMINED BY
RUSSIA AND RUSSIA ACTUALLY
UNDERMINED THE NUCLEAR
NONPROLIFERATION PROGRAM AS WE
GAVE UP OUR NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND
DIDN'T GET ANYTHING INSTEAD.
WE GOT RUSSIAN TANKS ARTILLERY
AND BARRELS.
ON THE U.S., I TRULY APPRECIATE
THE U.S. SUPPORT.
THE HOUSE, THE SENATE AND
PERSONALLY PRESIDENT OBAMA MADE
BOLD AND STRONG STEPS.
IS IT ENOUGH TO SECURE THE
WORLD?
IT'S A GOOD STEP.
FORWARD.
>> Warner: PRESIDENT OBAMA
SAID TODAY IN THE HAGUE AGAIN
THAT ESSENTIALLY THE U.S. AND EU
ARE COUNTING ON THE THREAT OF
MORE SANCTIONS TO RESTRAIN
PRESIDENT PUTIN FROM FURTHER
MOVES.
WHAT LEVEL OF CONFIDENCE, IF
ANY, DO YOU HAVE THAT THAT WOULD
BE EFFECTIVE?
>> WE HAVE JUST TWO OPTIONS ON
THE TABLE HOW TO TACKLE THIS
KIND OF CRISIS.
THE FIRST ONE SAY MILITARY
OPTION.
IT'S CRYSTAL CLEAR THAT NO ONE
WANTS ANOTHER THIRD WORLD WAR IN
THE GLOBE.
THE SECOND OPTION IS TO
IMPLEMENT ANOTHER TYPE OF MON
MILITARY MEASURES.
THIS IS SO INTERRELATED AND
INTERDEPARTMENT THAT ECONOMIC
MEASURES
MEASURES ARE MUCH STRONGER THAN
MILITARY ONES.
>> Warner: THESE ARE LONG-TERM
MEASURES.
DON'T YOU THINK OF A SHORT-TERM
MEASURES?
>> THAT WE FACE.
IT'S UP TO US TO DEFEAT THEM.
IN CASE IT HAPPENS, I BELIEVE
WE'LLET G ADDITIONAL SUPPORT
FROM OUR PARTNERS AND THE
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY.
>> Warner: YOU MEAN IF RUSSIA
INVADES?
>> RIGHT.
>> Warner: MEANWHILE YOUR BIG
PORT FELLOW HERE IS TO RESPOND
TO THE DEMANDS TO GET THE
ECONOMY OFF ITS BACK AND REVAMP
IT AND RETOOL IT.
HOW MUCH DOES THIS THREAT FROM
RUSSIA ALSO UNDERMINE THE
PROSPECTS OF THAT AND THE
ABILITY TO TACKLE THAT?
>> RUSSIA HAS TWO OPTIONS, TOO.
THE FIRST ONE IS TO INVADE
MILITARY AND UNDERMINE IEW CRANE
STABILITY.
NEEWED TO DO THIS.
WE NEED TO UNDERTAKE TOUGH
REFORMS IN ORDER TO SURVIVE.
AND IN ORDER TO GET THE IMF LOAN
AND INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT FROM
THE WORLD BANK AND INTERNATIONAL
MONEY TO REFUND THE INVESTMENT
BANK.
THEY'LL PLAY WITH THIS SAYING
THE SO CALLED GOVERNMENT IMPOSED
A NUMBER OF HARDSHIPS FOR YOU
AND LOOK AT YOUR LIVING
STANDARDS.
THEY ARE GOING DOWN.
IN CASE IF YOU GO TO RUSSIA YOU
ARE GOING BE IN ANOTHER WORLD
WHICH LOOKS LIKE A REAL HAPPY
WORLD WITH FREE CASH WITH HIGH
LIVING STANDARDS.
WE'RE ALREADY PREPARED FOR THIS.
WHAT WE RELY ON, WE RELY ON
UKRAINIAN PEOPLE THAT AFTER WE
STARTED TO BE THE UKRAINIAN
NATION THIS, IS THE PROCESS OF
NATION BUILDING.
UKRAINIANS ARE READY TO FACE
THESE TROUBLES AND THEY ARE
READY TO OVERCOME THEM.
>> Warner: HOW ARE YOU GOING
TO KEEP THE UKRAINIAN PUBLIC
WITH YOU?
ONCE YOU START INSTITUTING THE
MEASURES, ESPECIALLY CUTTING
BACK ENERGY SUB SIDE I DIVES BY
ALL OF THE THINGS YOU JUST
TALKED ABOUT?
>> WE HAD TO DO IT 20 YEARS AGO.
AND NOW, HOW CAN YOU GET THE
SUPPORT?
IT SEEMS TO ME THE KEY PROBLEM
OF EVER POLITICS IS A LACK OF --
EVERY POLITICS IS SAY LACK OF
TRUST AND LACK OF HONESTY.
I WANT TO DELIVER A REAL CHANGES
IN THIS COUNTRY.
AND IN ORDER TO GET THESE
CHANGES, I HAVE TO BE OPEN,
FRANK, HONEST AND IN THIS CASE
PEOPLE WILL SUPPORT OR APPROVE
OR DIDN'T APPROVE THIS MEASURES.
>> Warner: DO YOU THINK THAT
THE RUSSIAN PRESSURE HAS IN ANY
WAY EFFECTED YOUR ABILITY TO DO
THAT OR PERHAPS EVEN MADE THE
PUBLIC MORE WILLING OR READY TO
SUPPORT THE GOVERNMENT?
>> I BELIEVE THAT IN A FEW
YEARS, WE WILL DECORATE RUSSIAN
REGIME WITH A SPECIAL MEDAL FOR
THE UNITY OF MY COUNTRY.
>> Warner: REALLY?
>> YEAH.
>> Warner: YOU HAVE MET
VLADMIR PUTIN A FEW TIMES.
HAD YOU DO YOU READ HIM?
WHAT DO YOU THINK HIS INTENTIONS
ARE?
>> HIS INTENTIONS IS VERY CLEAR
TO REINSTATE THE SOVIET UNION.
TO BECOME NOT THE PRESIDENT OF
RUSSIAN FED RITION BUT AN --
FEDERATION BUT AN EMPEROR EVER
USSR VERSUS 200.
>> Warner: DO YOU THINK
UKRAINE AND RUSSIA CAN EVER HAVE
A NORMAL RELATIONSHIP THEY'VE
HAD FOR THE LAST 20 YEARS AS
LONG AS PUTIN IS PRESIDENT?
>> IT DEPENDS WHETHER RUSSIA IS
READY TO NEGOTIATE AND WHETHER
RUSSIA IS READY TO HAVE A LEVEL
PLAYING FIELD IN OUR RELATIONS.
IT'S CLEAR FOR ME THAT THEY ARE
NOT READY.
WE EXTENDED THE HAND FOR
NEGOTIATIONS AND INSTEAD, THEY
EXTENDED A BARREL OF A GUN.
>> Warner: MR. PRIME MINISTER,
THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Warner: THANK YOU VERY
MUCH.
GOOD LUCK TO YOU.
>> YOU, TOO.
>> Ifill: DURING HER REPORTING
TRIP, MARGARET AND NEWSHOUR
PRODUCER MORGAN TILL VISITED
FORMER PRESIDENT VIKTOR
YANUKOVYCH'S LAVISH HOME OUTSIDE
OF KIEV.
YOU CAN SEE THE OPULENT ESTATE,
COMPLETE WITH A PANORAMIC VIEW
OF A MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR
STAIRCASE, IN THEIR ONLINE PHOTO
GALLERY.
THAT'S ON THE RUNDOWN.
>> Wooduff: FINALLY TONIGHT, THE
CONTINUING CRACKDOWN IN EGYPT,
THIS TIME IN THE COURTS.
638 SUSPECTED ISLAMISTS STOOD
TRIAL TODAY ON CHARGES OF MURDER
OR ATTEMPTED MURDER DURING
ATTACKS ON POLICE STATIONS BACK
IN AUGUST.
NO DEFENSE LAWYERS WERE PRESENT.
YESTERDAY, IN A SIMILAR SCENE,
MORE THAN 500 SUSPECTED
SUPPORTERS OF THE MUSLIM
BROTHERHOOD WERE SENTENCED TO
DEATH.
WE EXPLORE THESE DEVELOPMENTS
WITH FORMER STATE DEPARTMENT
MIDDLE EAST SPECIALIST, MICHELE
DUNNE.
SHE'S NOW AT THE CARNEGIE
ENDOWMENT FOR INTERNATIONAL
PEACE.
WELCOME BACK TO THE NEWSHOUR.
>> THANK YOU, JUDY.
>> Woodruff: WHAT WERE THE
CHARGES THAT THE COURT SAID
THESE PEOPLE WERE GUILTY OF?
>> THEY SAID THEY WERE GUILTY OF
RIOTING THAT LED TO THE DEATH OF
ONE SINGLE POLICE OFFICER AND
THEY CONVICTED MORE THAN 500C4,
INITIATIVE OF AICULAR JUDGE
OR WHETHER IT WAS KIND OF AN
INSTRUCTION FROM HIGHER UP IN
THE EGYPTIAN GOVERNMENT.
I WOULD SAY THERE'S A SERIES OF
STEPS THAT HAVE ATTEMPTED TO
CLOSE DOWN DISSENT IN EGYPT.
WOULD YOU RECALL THERE WAS A
VIOLENT BREAKUP OF A SIT IN THIS
KAY ROW IN WHICH HUNDREDS AND
HUNDREDS WERE KILLED.
THEY PASS AID LAW OUTLAWING
DEMONSTRATIONS.
THEY DECLARED THE MUSLIM
BROTHERHOOD A TERRORIST
ORGANIZATION AND SAID ANYONE WHO
GOES TOUT DEMONSTRATE IN FARV OF
MORSI COULD BE SENTENCED TO 500
YEARS IN PRISON FOR A
DEMONSTRATION.
THERE'S BEEN A NUMBER OF HARR.
SENTENCING.
A GROUP OF STUDENTS AT A
UNIVERSITY WERE GIVEN MORE THAN
14 YEARS FOR DESTROYING SOME
UNIVERSITY OFFICERS IN WHICH NO
ONE WAS KILLED.
>> Woodruff: WHAT --
>> Woodruff: WHAT EFFECT IS
THIS HAVING IN EGYPT?
>>S
>>S DID DISSENT.
THERE'S WEEKLY PROTESTS
PROTESTING THE REMOVAL OF MORSI.
>> Woodruff: THE FORMER
PRESIDENT?
>> EXACTLY.
THERE'S TERRORISM.
THERE'S TERRORIST GROUPS ATTACK
POLICE OFFICERS AND MILITARY
OFFICERS AND THERE ARE ALSO A
LOT OF SMALL SCALE WHAT I WOULD
CALL REVENGE ATTACKS ON POLICE
OFFICERS, JUST SOMEONE ON A MOR
CYCLE SHOOTING.
IN EGYPT NOWADAYS THERE'S ALMOST
A POLICE OFFICER KILLED EVERY
DAY.
>> Woodruff: BUT IF YOU
PARTICIPATE IN SOME OF THESE --
BASICALLY WHAT THE COURTS ARE
SAYING IS WE'RE GOING TO COME
DOWN HARD ON YOU?
>> YES, ABSOLUTELY.
I THINK THEY ARE SO THE OF
WAITING TO SEE WHETHER THE --
SORT OF WAITING TO SEE WHETHER
THESE HARSH SENTENCES WILL
STICK.
THERE WAS AN OUTCRY IN THE
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY.
IN EGYPT, I THINK THE SENTIMENT
ABOUT SENTENCING THESE HUNDREDS
OF PEOPLE TO DEATH IS MUCH MORE
MIXED.
THERE'S SUPPORTERS OF MILITARY
WHO WANT TO SEE THE MUSLIM
BROTHERHOOD ERADICATED AND THEY
SPOKE UP IN FAVOR OF SENTENCES.
>> Woodruff: IS IT BELIEVED
THAT THE COURTS ARE GOING TO
CARRY OUT THESE SENTENCES?
>> THERE'S A POSSIBILITY OF
APPEAL AND THEN THE HIGHEST --
THE RELIGIOUS LEADER HAS AN
ABILITY TO REVIEW THE SENTENCES.
THERE'S A COUPLE OF
POSSIBILITIES THAT THEY COULD BE
OVERTURNED OR LESSONS.
>> Woodruff: MICHELE DUNNE WE
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANKS, JUDY.
>> Ifill: AGAIN, THE OTHER MAJOR
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY.
PRESIDENT OBAMA CONFIRMED HE'LL
ASK CONGRESS TO STOP THE
NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY FROM
GATHERING PHONE RECORDS AND
HOLDING THEM FOR FIVE YEARS.
RAIN AND FLASH FLOOD WARNINGS
SLOWED THE SEARCH IN THE
WASHINGTON STATE MUDSLIDE, WITH
14 CONFIRMED DEAD SO FAR.
AND REPORTS FROM SOUTH KOREA
SAID NORTH KOREA FIRED TWO MID-
RANGE BALLISTIC MISSILES EARLY
WEDNESDAY INTO THE SEA OF JAPAN.
THAT'S DESPITE A U.N. BAN ON
SUCH LAUNCHES.
>> Wooduff: ON THE NEWSHOUR
ONLINE RIGHT NOW, HOW DO HEALTH
CARE PLANS IN THE MARKETPLACE,
EXCHANGES, DIFFER FROM OTHERS?
WE HAVE THAT ANSWER AND MORE,
FROM KAISER HEALTH NEWS, AS THEY
COUNT DOWN TO MONDAY'S
SIGN-UP DEADLINE.
READ THE REPORT ON OUR HEALTH
PAGE.
ALL THAT AND MORE IS ON OUR WEB
SITE, newshour.pbs.org.
>> Ifill: AND THAT'S THE
NEWSHOUR FOR TONIGHT.
ON WEDNESDAY, JUDY TALKS TO
FORMER PRESIDENT JIMMY CARTER.
I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Wooduff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF. ON-LINE
AND AGAIN HERE TOMORROW EVENING.
FOR ALL OF US HERE AT THE PBS
NEWSHOUR, THANK YOU AND GOOD
NIGHT.